### Tegisto Launchpad

The Launchpad program starts with the Project Application Section, where applicants who want to join the Tegisto Platform enter their project information. Project owners participate in live video sessions with the Tegisto Advisory Board. In this session, the project owners present business fundamentals covering a range of topics such as product, technology, community building, marketing strategy, team, tokenomics, and fundraising. Tegisto team can execute to brainstorm on high-level strategies and specific problems about projects and will do a check-in to track their progress.

Approved Project by Tegisto Team is shared on Tegisto DAO Dashboard as a proposal. DAO Proposal Page contains a description of the given proposal, generally containing a short summary of the proposed changes, goals, and motivations for the approved projects and actions. Community Talks are hosted on discord to share information on topics such as concepts, business plans, technology, marketing strategy, and community building about projects.

Community Voting : After deciding on the project to list on Tegisto DAO Proposal Page, the community can engage in the discussion and decision-making by voting "Yes" or "No" on the given proposal. Tegisto Team creates the final decision of recommending the proposal in the off-chain voting to the rest of the DAO. The DAO members who hold TGS tokens use their votes in the on-chain proposal, in which an applicant seeks the final listing approval. Every application that has undergone this Community voting process and collected at least 51% "Yes" votes is listed on Tegisto Platform.
