## Company Tokenization Concept
Tegisto offers a platform that will transfer the values ​​produced by companies of all sizes operating in different sectors, especially small and medium-sized companies, to the blockchain and transform them into crypto assets. Thanks to the transparency and trust brought by blockchain technology, new approaches in the financial field will bring the process of tokenization of products and services of companies in the future. Aiming to be the pioneer of this process, Tegisto will offer blockchain-based financial solutions.

With this feature, Tegisto will enable the first sale of crypto assets of companies' products and services. In addition, with a decentralized exchange service that enables crypto assets to be traded, liquidity pools that can be exchanged with TGS and other crypto assets. Therefore, passive income will be generated. Thus, crypto-asset investors will have the opportunity to share in the values ​​of companies. Companies, on the other hand, will deliver the values ​​they produce to the investor with Tegisto. Consequently, it will increase the financial opportunities that companies will need for their growth.

The technological and marketing activities of the companies to be tokenized can also be provided by Tegisto. Support will be provided for companies to transition to blockchain technology. With the marketing activities, the studies that the company will need to deliver the crypto assets to the investors in the crypto finance world will be carried out.

In order for companies to take part in the Tegisto platform, Tegisto investors will be able to make decisions by voting with a decentralized autonomous management approach. Thus, investors will be able to reflect their own decisions within the transparency and trust environment brought by blockchain technology. The information that investors will need in making their decisions will be presented on the platform, thus providing the opportunity to get to know the companies soon.

All Tegisto company tokenization processes will be carried out in TGS token. Accordingly, the TGS token's own asset value will become profitable.
